younger sister
Are they starting to doubt my identity again?
Brother, you can't tell.
Do they doubt my identity anymore?
Teach them a lesson for me
Only those with a guilty conscience are not allowed to question
Of course you are afraid of being a fake replacement
I'm not fake.
The DNA test report says it all
I am the daughter of the Lu family
You still refuse to admit it
Obviously you bullied Luo Yuan
Robbed him of the opportunity to go in and draw blood
You all know
You take over the identity of the little sister
And deliberately bullied her
We figured it all out
dick
How did Chen Yu'an, who bullied my little sister last time, end up?
I also broke two hands
Lying in the hospital, paralyzed
Hmph, I see Miss Xia
Do you want to experience this taste too?
I, I, I can give up the identity of the daughter of the Lu family
However, my wedding and the inheritance
The Lu family must participate